---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: Starter Pack
slug: p1
subhead: Project 1
categories: [projects]
excerpt: Make a graphic design starter pack that includes the three most important items to be a designer.
---
### Description
Create a starter pack that has, what you consider, the three most important items for a graphic designer. You can choose any items, but they must be able to fit into a package that you can design and build. You will also create a name and a visual identity for your package that ties all the items together. If you chose an already branded item you can make it generic OR have the branded item in your package but ignore the branding.

#### Things to Keep in Mind
* Names are important
* Can you choose non-physical items?
* How to create a cohesive design with three different items?
* Craft is just as important as the design
* Container ideas first? Visual design first?
* The unboxing experience

#### Objectives
* Craft Skills – Cutting, folding, taping, gluing
* 3-D Prototyping
* Branding as it relates to package design
* Creating digital mockups

#### Checkpoints
* <span class="due">09/19/24_#1</span> &ndash; three items chose, name for product, reference images for design and packaging
* <span class="due">09/26/24_#2</span> &ndash; 3 digital versions for logos, colors, and type, physical prototype of package and all parts
* <span class="due">10/03/24_#3</span> &ndash; Initial digital designs for packaging, refined package prototype with digital dieline and/or cut files
* <span class="due">10/10/24_#4</span> &ndash; physical draft of full package with designs

#### Requirements
* Name for product
* Consistent visual brand
* 3 items contained in package
* Packaging uses one tool from The MIX

#### Final Submission
* Turned in on time (10/17/24)
* Physical package with designs on it
* Digital mockups
* PDFs of dieline and/or cut files
* Images of physical package
* All images and pdfs on Canvas
* All images on Figma
* All requirements met
